As always before we can build anything we would need to do our set up.
So I'm going to go back to my desktop over here and I'm going to create a new folder and I'm going to
create this folder and I'm going to call it code masters or whatever.
And once we have the folder.
Now I'm going to get my text which is going to be brackets like this.
And since I have probably some other folder in here what I'm going to do here all I have to do is actually
only drag this folder on here like this.
Right.
So here it says OK however it's complaining that there's nothing in there and we're going to start over
here.
We're going to send you file and we're going to say next HDMI out like this once we have the next page
the amount we're going to Grabow here a basic full page the Admiral's content on your likeness this
once you're going to have a skeleton let's say or here we're going to say that this is going to be code
masters here.
The language is going to be English here and here you can see that we are getting set up right.
So these are going to be the meta tags.
Now we have a title and now we would need a style sheet and for the style sheet when I'm going to say
that this is going to be a comment and I'm going to say this is going to be Mendes's us and our heroes
is going to write and this is going to be main.
SS Now let's go ahead and let's create actually make us all going to say in your file main CSSA.
Right.
So this is going to be RCF says file Well then once we have a main CSSA now I would want a script file
so I'm going to say we're here this is going to be script.
Yes.
All right.
Once we have a source right so we have script tags and then on here this is going to be source for the
javascript file.
We're going to open up a new file and we're going to say this is going to be script yes or then once
we're actually done with the files let's go here and on top right and when we have the first comment.
This is going to be style main scissors.
Now I would want a Google font's Google fonts over here.
This is going to be our first comment then we're going to have a font on some on here also because with
font awesome 5:0 we're going to put it actually in the head right.
Not when we were actually linking with a C Ss and after that also you'd would want right away for a
Jake worry.
So I'm going to say we're here this is going to be Jake we're like this.
We can save it.
We can actually open up live preview here and we should have actually a blank page right with nothing
showing on this.
And once we have this one we can actually open up or hear Codemasters also in our browser.
Right.
So if you can see that this is going to be a finished project right.
Well we're here to do that and that is all going to create a new browser open right for the page that
we're actually working on.
Right.
And I can just grab it side by side right.
So right away see what we're doing.
So like I said the first thing we need is Google phones.
And as always we just go to Google right and we're going to say or Google Forms.
So once we have the Google fonts like I keep saying all the time for a project I always use something
I don't want to call it like that but I guess funky or something like that.
Right so just a text would stand out.
Now in most cases you probably use something that is popular like that.
A lot of people like right now just what I like for my projects for the fancy center.
Right so I'd suggest looking for a popular search for the popular ones.
And over here let's say on here you can see that it's trending right popular or here data added alphabetical.
And if we go over the popularity you can see that these would be the popular phones right.
Now again what I'm going to do is I'm going to say that this is going to be let's say thickness.
All right we're going to have a little bit of thickness and we're going out also a little bit of slack.
And so since we're out of the sland didn't that didn't work out or I can see these ones I like Why so
long and say we're here and this is what Out went out and we're here they're just right away telling
us how we should add it to our project.
So I'm going to copy this guy over here and then we're going to go back to my quarter over and over
here if this is going to be good fonts we're going to paste new fonts when I say it and we let's go
ahead and let's create a heading one right and I'm going to say hello world.
Right.
And what I would need to do right now is I would need to actually go ahead and have the font family
when I again want to copy this one.
And we're going to go back to Maine.
He says we're going to say that we would want to select whole body copy and pasted.
I can see that I have a hello world.
So the fans are working right now.
After that maybe while we're on the phones right.
While we're still googling everything right.
Let's go back to google more here and we're going to say that this is going to be Jake Querrey CDN write
google CDM.
So right away let's get a J query and we're going to use Jake Wario here for the Stargell button.
So what's going to happen here right.
Once we pressed a button you can see that or hear we're all gonna have a nap.
All right.
And this is going to be a little bit better than the bootstrap one right because all these bars are
actually moving as we're clicking on it right.
So let me again make this maximize this right and then we have all does this damn thing right.
So if we have a Google Cdn or here like this right and we look at that this is going to be Google the
libraries then we find where is our script on here like this.
We're going to copy and paste this when we go back to our texter.
I'm not going to do anything right now and Mansi so I can just close this one on script also right.
And over here you can see where I have a comment for Jake we're going to copy and paste and this is
going to be doing great.
And once we have the script let's say that this is going to be main let's say genius.
Right.
So I'm going to call this script Jack but this is going to mean this is going to be main javascript.
And what I'm going to do or here and let's say that I'm going to say that this is going to be very simple
and to say alert and you know what to do document ready because then we're going to know that Jake where
he's working.
So I'm going to say we're here selector and so then I'm going to select and I'm going to say for the
whole document.
Right.
So this should run only once the document is going to be ready and I'm going to call it ready function
on here and I'm going to say function.
This is going to be anonymous function.
And over here we're going to write again alert.
Alert.
And we're going to say hello world world order right once we say it we have a hello world here.
So that means our Jake is work.
Because once we download a query we actually have the access here to the function where we can pass
the parameters as a parameter.
I passed a selector for document and this was actually a function already on it.
So this alert is going around only once the document is loaded.
However what I was looking for that if I use this dollars on line this should only work only if my query
is actually loaded.
All right.
So then we can close this one and for now what we can do is get rid of this alert.
Right.
So this is not going to be as annoying but we're all going to do here we're going to write all our code
over here right.
But we would want only our code to run once to actually page is loaded.
So we're going to say this concludes script for now we're going to head back to the next stage.
Now we're going to maybe make these smaller for an hour and so we have way more room to work on this.
And on our next thing that we would want is going to be fun.
Awesome.
So we're here we can close a host of libraries.
We don't need that anymore.
And now we would want a font awesome right here.
The first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to write a way down.
Right.
And again if for the artist projects like we're using the old form awesome right you will go here for
the old 4.7 doctorate.
But since this project I'm recording later right we're going to be using right away four thousand five
so we're going to click on here download.
Right.
And over here again we can go through get started.
Right so what we would need to do know here it's very simple.
Right.
So what they're looking for right is a javascript.
What they're saying is here that they would want a javascript right.
And this is the Cdn that is they're suggesting right.
We don't want CDN.
We already have downloaded a phantasm right now or here this would be the javascript they're suggesting
right font awesome all geus or here right.
And what they're saying is place it over here in the head right in the head element.
So what I'm going to do here I'm going to head back to my downloads here this is going to be.
Awesome.
This is going to open up a folder then we're going to open up this folder one more time then we're going
to look of where it is actually a phone or some.
And if we go back down here or here like this right.
They're actually telling us where it is actually located.
Right.
So this is going to be as 3G with Jay.
So we have a with genius here and then we have a genius folder.
And then once we have a folder now we want a phone.
Some of us over here and when I'm going to do or here we can just grab this file over here we can close
this now and I'm going to grab it to my folder or here.
Now what I could have done here is create a folder for all my javascript files if there would be more
on them.
All right.
But since I'm going to be placing for a hour curso What are you going to be using or here right.
So we're going to be using a library a square a plugin or here a al curso actually going to place these
fires separately.
Right.
But one of the ways you can actually do it to make your more code more organized is to place the script
just with phantasm.
All right.
Because both of these are javascript files but since this is going to be a smaller project we're not
going to do that.
So we're here or we're going to do is I'm going to head back to my text texter now I can see that I
have my phone some more here read my font on some jazz and what I'm going to say or.
This is going to be script right.
And this is going to be so harsh.
So here we have phantasm ology is what we're going to do.
Here let's try it out with a phantasm jazz.
So I'm going to say this is going to be element f a s more here because that would be the difference
right now right.
With a new version or here and we're going to say this is going to be F.A. home and then we're going
to say F.A. and let's say five acts here.
Press tab now we have a message and once I have the phone line if you're going to go back on here to
the actual font folder you can see or here and once we have downloaded.
Right.
So this is how they would want us to include the script over here.
And if we're actually going to the icons then we can actually see how we need to start working right.
So how to use if this was getting started.
SPG with join hands or here we can go to how to use ones we have a how to use right here.
This is going to be a new syntax right.
So again the so here is now we're actually placing access.
But now we have the yes we actually have few of them.
We have for our this is going to be for the pro here but we also have FHB and this is going to be FHL.
Now again these both are going to be once you're using actually the pro section if you actually buy
the phantasm here.
We're here with brands we can actually use FHB.
So let's say for a Facebook or for Instagram we're going to be using FHB.
So that's going to be it for a phantasm.
So we can close them and then we're going to have a photos right.
And for the photos again we're going to be using a peck sauce or Gratus scruffy.
I mean I would have two choices now I have download the images and the image is going to be attached
with the zip file on it so you can get those images if you want.
If you don't don't want to down yourself.
All right.
So those images are going to be included but I'm just showing you where to get nice images.
And after that we have a logo right here and this guy.
And this is what we're interested and or here if we're going to go to the smaller screen and you can
see maybe this logo on the mirror and it looks like.
And again the logo which is basically going I want to go right and you just right that this is going
to be a free logo like this.
And once we have a free logo you go here and this is going to be free logo design right.
And once you actually open it up over here and you can start choosing what Logos you would want here.
This is going to have you all logos actually going to give you a lot of categories here and let's say
that we can pick something like computer.
Right.
So we're going to pick a computer here the animal going to look you can see that this was an image that
I was using right.
We were we're going to go over here.
We opened up the image but here we're obviously able to change colors.
All right so you're not limited to these colors.
So if I say or here if I start selecting right you can see that I have an option of where I would want
to change the color right now it wouldn't be totally white right.
And again we can go on for probably half an hour right.
But I'm going to let you explore how you would want to make your images yourself right.
But the moment you actually get done with the car you know everything right you can click or hearsay.
Then they are going to save the logo for you.
Then they basically ask you your e-mail and so you have these options.
You this is going to be lower resolution this is going to be free.
Obviously these are already a options for money right.
Thirty nine and 129.
And if I say we're here and this would be my logo I'm going to say we're here now and then I need to
write my e-mail address.
Let's say first name here.
Then they send you a link.
You go back to that link and you're actually down in automatically the moment you open up that link.
Your logo is going to be down.
Right.
So that's how we can get the logo.
And then after that let's do a last thing we would want to do is actually look at the colors right.
Again I'm going to include the colors so I'm just showing you where you can actually find good color
options if you want.
So here I'm going to say of course right.
And this is going to be my first option over here.
And again this is going to be super fast right.
We can start a generator for free right.
And the only thing we need to remember is that we need to press a space bar to get new options.
And if we want to lock anything right we just break this lock and we'll just keep looking for whatever
colors would match or here.
Right.
So this would be the way how we can actually do this right now and once we're done with the colors we're
pretty much done with the set up and we're ready to start working on our project.